[file-manager] fix error caused by broken symlinks (#5874)
raycast/extensions: extensions/file-manager/CHANGELOG.md

# File Manager Changelog

## [Fixes] - 2023-04-11

> - Made it so broken/dangling symlinks no longer cause errors. Instead show a FontAwesome icon to show that it is a broken/dangling symlink.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Modified behavior to prevent errors caused by broken or dangling symlinks.
- Added an icon to indicate broken symlinks.
```
